Bug fix on update nested graph properties (#237)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20231222_112619_nadija_ratkusic_graca_parameter_bug.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Changed

- A bullet item for the Changed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Fixed

> - Fix bug while updating nested graph properties. ([#273](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/237))

Reviewer: Not sure if below correctly describes the issue as this is my current understanding. Please double-check :)

In general these descriptions here should be understandable from a user perspective, so sometimes it helps to be more verbose to explain the issue

```suggestion
- Fix a bug that prevented the proper update of graph properties through parameters when the graph property has not been previously defined. ([#273](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/237))
```

> - Fix bug while updating nested graph properties. ([#273](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/237))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug that prevented the update of nested graph properties through parameters when the graph property was not previously defined. ([#273](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/237))
```
maybe we can be a little more specific, but bot versions are fine for me
